---
layout: post
title: "Dear Jason"
date: 2013-08-19 21:09
comments: true
categories: [spam, email, funny]
---

*An open letter to the gentleman (or woman?) behind these emails.*

---

Dear Jason,

Greetings fellow J-Dog!  There [truly aren't enough Jasons in the world][name
popularity], so it's always a pleasure to meet another.

I apologize for not getting back to you sooner.  I've been working to remove
a family of ferrets from my email server.  They caused quite a mess.  I had to
replace my RAMs and reinstall my internet from floppy!  One thing's for sure,
I won't be using frozen beef packages as extra heat sinks on my overclocked
email server until I can rig up a more secure enclosure.

Anyway, I'm now able to look at and see all the emails you've been sending.
Given the number of this short period, and the subject lines, I expect it's
quite urgent.  Unfortunately, given my earlier ferret related difficulties,
the contents of each email weren't retrievable, and all I have is a couple of
the headers.  The envelope sealer also is malfunctioning, so I'm needing to
post this on my blog rather than reply through email.

You seem to be a domain name aficionado, and have several different email
addresses.  Please let me know which of the following you would prefer me to
use.  For both our convenience, I have included the entire list of emails
you've sent me thus far.

+ Date: Sun, 11 Aug 2013 16:35:54 +0200  
  From: Shawn <jasondoa@abuXXXX.ru>  
  Subject: Waiting for you  
  
+ Date: Sun, 11 Aug 2013 20:23:32 +0200  
  From: Rita <jason@12thXXXX.org>  
  Subject: Where are you?  
  
+ Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2013 09:06:13 -0200  
  From: Elsa <jason@alamoseXXXX.com>  
  Subject: Want to meet with you  
  
+ Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2013 12:28:30 -0500  
  From: Francine <jason@absiliXXXX.com>  
  Subject: Im very sexy  
  
+ Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2013 11:55:15 +0200  
  From: DrOZ Online Shop <jason@americlaXXXX.com>  
  Subject: New Product to Lose up to 15 lbs.  
  
+ Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2013 10:49:11 -0500  
  From: DrOZ Online Shop <jason@21edu-renaissXXXX.jp>  
  Subject: New Product to Lose up to 15 lbs.  
  
+ Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2013 11:19:46 +0200  
  From: "Dr.OZ" <jason@absolute-naXXXX.ro>  
  Subject: This brand new slimming product is a real sensation  
  
+ Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2013 17:38:28 +0300  
  From: "Dr.OZ" <jason@acrilicospaXXXX.com.br>  
  Subject: This brand new slimming product is a real sensation  
  
+ Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2013 18:15:00 +0800  
  From: "Dr. Oz Official Newsletter" <jason@art-aXXXX.com>  
  Subject: Get Slim! Fast and Safe!  
  
+ Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2013 15:19:57 -0300  
  From: "Dr. Oz Official Newsletter" <jason@2creXXXX.com>  
  Subject: Get Slim! Fast and Safe!  
  
+ Date: Sat, 17 Aug 2013 10:08:29 +0200  
  From: "Dr. Oz Official Newsletter" <jason@apartamentoseltXXXX.com>  
  Subject: Get Slim! Fast and Safe!  
  
+ Date: Sat, 17 Aug 2013 10:57:50 +0100  
  From: DoctorOZ Newsletter <jason@alternative-deXXXX.co.uk>  
  Subject: How to Get Skinny  
  
+ Date: Sat, 17 Aug 2013 16:28:37 -0500  
  From: DoctorOZ Newsletter <jason@aiglegrXXXX.net>  
  Subject: How to Get Skinny  
  
+ Date: Sun, 18 Aug 2013 03:14:12 -0400  
  From: DoctorOZ Newsletter <jason@akadXXXX.hu>  
  Subject: How to Get Skinny  
  
+ Date: Sun, 18 Aug 2013 12:17:48 -0700  
  From: DoctorOZ Newsletter <jason@ad-XXXX.com>  
  Subject: How to Get Skinny  
  
+ Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2013 12:19:47 +0300  
  From: OZ Daily News <jason@aquXXXX.com>  
  Subject: The Secret to the Body You Want  
  
+ Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2013 11:43:07 -0500  
  From: OZ Daily News <jason@agencXXXX.com.br>  
  Subject: The Secret to the Body You Want  

I can only surmise from the above train of emails that you work from this OZ
marketing company, and after trying this brave new slimming product yourself,
that you are now "very sexy" and are trying to tell the whole world about it
so that everyone can benefit.

I am quite interested in your offer.  You see, I haven't been entirely open
with you.  These ferrets that I'm dealing with are quite large after a week of
gorging themselves on the beef sitting inside my email server.  I've managed
to coax them out with some nicely marinated salmon fillets.  Though I've saved
some of my beef at least, they've now holed themselves up in my bedroom and
keep biting me whenever I try to go in.  I have an prescription orthopedic
mattress, without which I can't sleep.  My exhaustion is causing me to black
out occasionally, or it could possibly be the loss of blood from all of my
bite wounds.

But how can you help me, you ask?  It's really quite fortuitous that you've
contacted me at this time.  I figure I can give your slimming product to the
ferrets so I can get them back to a more controllable size.  Only with your
help can I reclaim my home.

Unfortunately, I am a bit low on cash right now.  Would you accept payment in
beef?

Yours truly,

Jason

[name popularity]:http://www.namestatistics.com/search.php?name=Jason&type=first&gender=male
